Update minikube.md (#5844)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/kubernetes-ingress-controller/deployment/minikube.md

Kong is accessible. This will be used to actually send requests into the
Kubernetes cluster.

1. Get the IP address at which Kong is accessible:
```bash
$ minikube service -n kong kong-proxy --url | head -1
# If installed by helm, service name would be "<release-name>-kong-proxy".
# minikube service <release-name>-kong-proxy --url | head -1

> ```

Reviewer: Can you please indent the codeblocks in both steps by three spaces?

Author: Thank you for the review @lena-larionova . Just committed the changes.

The output is similar to:
```bash
http://192.168.99.100:32728
```

> 1. To set the environment variable, replace `<ip-address>` with the IP address at which Kong is accessible:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set the environment variable. Replace `<ip-address>` with the {{site.base_gateway}} IP address you just retrieved:
```
